--- 
layout: post
title: Lesson of the Day
wordpress_id: 8
wordpress_url: http://livingproof.us/2007/03/28/8/
---
Another slice of spam for the platter...
<blockquote>HAVING MOM OVER FOR DINNER!

You don't even have to be a mother to enjoy this one...

Brian invited his mother over for dinner. During the course of
the meal, Brian's mother couldn't help but notice how beautiful Brian's
roommate, Jennifer, was

Brian's Mom had long been suspicious of a relationship between
Brian and Jennifer, and this had only made her more curious.  Over the
course of the evening, while watching the two interact, she started to
wonder if there was more between Brian and Jennifer than met the eye.

Reading his mom's thoughts, Brian volunteered, "I know what  you
must be thinking, but I assure you Jennifer and I are just roommates."

About a week later, Jennifer came to Brian saying, "Ever since
your mother came to dinner, I've been unable to find the  beautiful
silver gravy ladle. You don't suppose she took it, do you?"

Brian said, "Well, I doubt it, but I'll send her an

e-mail just to be sure. So he sat down and wrote:

Dear Mom:
I'm not saying that you "did" take the gravy ladle from the
house, I'm not saying that you "did not" take the gravy ladle. But the
fact remains  that one has been missing ever since you were here for
dinner.
Love, Brian

Several days later, Brian received an e-mail back from his
mother that read:

Dear Son:
I'm not saying that you "do" sleep with Jennifer, I'm not saying
that you "do not" sleep with Jennifer. But the fact remains that if
Jennifer is sleeping in her own bed, she would have found the gravy
ladle by now.
Love, Mom

LESSON OF THE DAY - NEVER LIE TO YOUR MOTHER</blockquote>
